rebecca works in a large international
company
one day she comes back to the office
from lunch and finds her colleagues
extremely agitated
oh they hurried to tell the girl that
someone knocked their hr manager out
just an hour ago
the police have three suspects laura is
an applicant
she says she was a bit angry with the hr
manager
after all he made her wait for ages well
past the time of her appointment
she stayed outside in the rain and
probably caught a cold
and still laura says i would never hit
him plus
i'm too weak to do it gary who works in
the marketing department
claims he hasn't seen the hr manager
since he arrived at work
he was having a meeting from the very
morning till lunchtime
jacob from research and development
tells the police
he rode his bike to a coffee shop to get
his cappuccino
he's just come back who knocked the hr
manager out
[Music]
it was jacob both his bike and his
clothes are dry and clean
how is it possible if it's raining
outside
[Music]
jack is participating in a challenge
he's got to the last stage which takes
place in a desert
if he succeeds now he'll win 1 million
dollars
jack needs to get a key out of one of
the four pots
on top of the first pot there's a bowl
filled with a strong acid
the second pot is covered with a bowl
full of venomous spiders
in the bowl placed on the third pot jack
sees a raging fire
a viper is curled up in the bowl
covering the fourth pot
jack isn't allowed to drop the bowls or
turn them over
which pot should he choose
[Music]
the guy should choose the third ball he
can put the fire out with the sand
and get the key jacob
is the owner of a small i.t company
larry is his subordinate
exceptionally talented and just as
forgetful
more often than not he seems to be lost
in his head
such things as going on a trip out of
the blue without notifying anybody
is typical for this genius normally the
boss turns a blind eye to larry's quirks
but this time an important business
meeting is about to start
jacob needs the data larry has been
working on but the guy
is nowhere to be found he doesn't answer
his phone so
no one can reach him one hour before the
meeting has to begin
jacob can't wait any longer he switches
on larry's computer
but it's password locked the man tries
some random combination of letters and
numbers
but of course it's wrong suddenly a tiny
window appears on the screen
in this window jacob sees what seems to
be a riddle
little little late late after puzzling
over it for a while
the man types something in the window
and sees the home screen
the computer is unlocked what has jacob
written
[Music]
the answer to this rebus is too little
too late
[Music]
unfortunately it's not as simple as that
the folder with the needed data is also
protected by a password
when jacob clicks on it that's what he
sees
right backward all the numbers hmm
sounds like a tough task luckily jacob
knows how larry's brain works
he doesn't need much information to
write the correct answer and
finally get the information what is the
password
and there you have it that's the phrase
all the numbers
written backward camilla was
terrified of dogs one day she was
jogging in the park
and noticed a large dog sitting near the
bench
it looked unfriendly the leash attached
to the dog's collar was three feet long
camilla decided it would be safe to pass
by if there was at least
seven feet of space between her and the
pooch but even being on a leech
the dog still managed to bite her how
come
sadly the leash wasn't tied to anything
[Music]
david's company develops new apps for
smartphones
right now he's looking for a designer
he's got hundreds of applicants
but has chosen just three of them
angela's resume says
i'm 23 years old i don't have a lot of
experience
but i'm a fast learner and have already
designed similar applications
helen wrote in her resume i'm 26 and
have four years of work experience
you should hire me because i've created
lots of tick tock stories
that have gone viral and eric's resume
claims
he's 28 years old with seven years of
work experience
he's designed tons of apps he's been
working for google since the company was
launched
david can hire only one person but it's
okay
because only one applicant hasn't lied
in their resume
who is it
eric has just seven years of work
experience but google was
officially launched in 1998 there are no
stories on tick-tock meaning helen
couldn't create them
david hired angela even though she
hasn't been working that long
she's honest and has a nice portfolio
[Music]
kevin a security guard in an amusement
park
finds a boy standing near a roller
coaster the kid says his name's
nick he doesn't know where his dad is
kevin takes nick to his office and makes
an announcement
soon after that two men show up at the
door
the first exclaims we were in a cafe but
after eating my burger i felt so sick
i had to spend almost 20 minutes in the
bathroom when i got out nick wasn't
around
i was so worried the other man
interrupts him
we rode a roller coaster together then i
told nick to wait there
and went to get us some hot dogs which
man is nick's father
nick is too small to ride the roller
coaster which means the second man is
lying
the boy's dad is the unlucky guy with
food poisoning
aiden fell madly in love with a
beautiful girl
ella he tried to spend all his time with
her
the man bought her expensive presents
and flowers
invited her to the best restaurants
organized yacht trips
they traveled the world stayed in famous
hotels
and went shopping for designer clothes
in less than a year
aiden became a millionaire how is it
possible
well before meeting ella the guy was a
billionaire
carter had a fast and successfully
developing company
until his main investor went bankrupt
carter was desperate
he went to visit his best friend justin
a coffee shop owner
cheer up justin exclaimed one rich
businessman visits my cafe
almost every day he's here today too
he's very mysterious and doesn't have
any social media accounts
few people know about his wealth but i
do
go and introduce yourself justin pointed
toward the back of the coffee shop
carter went there and saw three men uh
oh
he hadn't asked his friend which one was
the wealthy entrepreneur
he looked at the men attentively in no
time
he figured out who was the one he needed
it isn't the guy in the middle he has a
one dollar store bag
the one on the right could be rich but
he's recording an
instagram story and the businessman
isn't active on any social media
this means the man carter needs is on
the left
carter was right the guy turned out to
be a billionaire
he was impressed with carter's business
but before signing the papers
he mentioned one condition carter had to
prove he was prepared for all kinds of
stressful situations
the man had nothing to do but agreed to
the challenge
after that carter was taken to a remote
house and left alone
he was locked in a large room with no
windows and three doors
suddenly the ceiling started to go down
at the same time
the room began to fill with water carter
knew that behind the first door there
was a powerful whirlpool
that would take him under the surface in
no time the second door was hiding a
school of vicious piranhas
and behind the third one there was a
deep pit with sharp wooden spikes at the
bottom
which door should carter choose to save
his life
carter picked the third door once the
pit filled with water
he swam over the spikes and successfully
escaped from the trap
when he returned to the office the
billionaire had already signed the
contract
three friends agreed to hang out
together on friday night
one of them brian was tasked with
bringing pizza
but the guy was running extremely late
his friends were starving
strangely brian wasn't picking up their
calls
but in an hour or so he sent them a
selfie
in the photo he was standing next to his
car
in the following message he wrote he had
run out of gas
he was at a gas station tanking his car
up
but his friends didn't believe brian's
excuses
why
in the picture it's clearly seen the
guy's got an electric car
it doesn't need gas